DOC-1793/document-v2-onboarding-api-behavior-change-public-url-toggle (#645)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/onboarding/overview/guide-migrate.mdx

- Individual mutations return `IndividualAccountHolderOnboarding`.
- Company mutations return `CompanyAccountHolderOnboarding`.
- The `finalizeAccountHolderOnboarding` mutation returns a `FinalizeAccountHolderOnboardingPayload`. On success, the payload contains a `FinalizeAccountHolderOnboardingSuccessPayload` with an `onboarding` field of type `AccountHolderOnboarding` (union).

> - The `onboardingUrl` field is only returned in the create or update mutation response when the **Public URLs** toggle is enabled in the Dashboard. The previous API returned the URL regardless of the toggle, so enable it under **Settings** > **Onboarding** > onboarding URLs before going live if you rely on the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `onboardingUrl` field is only returned in the create or update mutation response when the **Public links** toggle is enabled in the Dashboard. The previous API returned the URL regardless of the toggle, so enable it under **Settings** > **Onboarding** > **Onboarding links** before going live if you rely on sharing public links.
```

Reviewer: Need to match the terminology with the UI

1. For French companies: call `companyInfoRegistryData` and use the results to pre-fill the create mutation.
1. Test public onboarding mutations if you use public onboarding links.
1. Confirm that [webhook payloads](/developers/using-api/webhooks) for `Onboarding.Created` and `Onboarding.Updated` still match your expectations.
1. Verify error handling for new rejection types (`OnboardingNotFoundRejection`, `OnboardingAlreadyFinalizedRejection`, `OnboardingNotReadyForFinalizationRejection`).

> 1. If you use Swan's no-code onboarding interface, confirm the mutation response returns `onboardingUrl`, which Swan returns only when **Public URLs** is enabled in your Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you use Swan's no-code onboarding interface, confirm the mutation response returns `onboardingUrl`, which Swan returns only when **Public links** is enabled in your Dashboard.
```
